Add GitLab Enable Code Previews configuration setting (#8317)
mattermost/docs: source/integrations-guide/gitlab.rst

 - Generate a **Webhook Secret** and **At Rest Encryption Key** by selecting **Generate**.
 - (Optional) **GitLab Group**: Lock the integration to a single GitLab group.
 - (Optional) **Enable Private Repositories**: Enable the ability to work with private repositories. Affected users are notified once private repositories are enabled, and must reconnect their GitLab accounts to gain access to private repositories.
 - (Optional) **Enable Code Previews**: Control automatic expansion of GitLab file permalinks with code previews. Options include:

   - **Enable for public projects** (Default): Shows previews only for public GitLab repositories.
   - **Enable for public and private projects**: Shows previews for both public and private repositories. 

     .. warning::

>         This setting might leak confidential code into public channels when users with access to private GitLab repositories post permalinks in public Mattermost channels. The plugin automatically generates previews using the poster's GitLab permissions, allowing other channel members without access to view the confidential code.

Author: ```suggestion
        This setting has the potential to leak confidential code into public channels in cases where users with access to private GitLab repositories post permalinks in public Mattermost channels. The plugin automatically generates previews using the poster's GitLab permissions, allowing other channel members without access to view the confidential code.
```
